# This is application development ver 1.1

This application offers a possibility to turn a Raspberry Pi as a sound device. 
The application comes with 2 function: a sound collector and a test tone generator.

List of Cotent:

1. Configuration Instruction: 
		Raspberrypi:
			Model Name: ARMv7 Processor rev 4 (v71) 
		USB Sound Card
			Name: Deltaco UAC-03 rev 3
		Headphone
		Microphone
		Ethernet connection
2. Installation Instruction:
		Install the newest NOOBS version for Raspberrypi: 
			https://www.raspberrypi.org/downloads/noobs/
		Raspberry Default Booting & Keyboard Layout
		Set USB Sound Card as Default
		Install libcurl
3. Operating Instruction:
		To clone all the needed file to run the project:
			Command: "git clone https://github.com/dangmaihuong/appdev"
	or
		The source code from: Github
			User name: dangmaihuong.study@gmail.com
	
		The php and txt file: shell.puv.fi
			User name: e1800943	
	
		To run the project:
			To compile all the file: "make" command
			And run "./sound.out" or "./sound.out arg" to run 2 functions of this project:
				"./sound.out": To record and display the sound frequency as a bar chart.
				"./sound.out arg": To ask user enter properties about wanted sound and play its as testTone
					When you want to play the sound:
						Enter command "scp testTone.wav emailaddress:."
						Enter the home folder to find the testTone.wav file and play the sound
			To check the frequency any second after run "./sound.out": Open test.curl.txt
			After running the project and user want to clear the maked file, using "make clean" command
4. List of Files (Manifest):
		main.c: Main function of the project
		screen.c: Displaying the bar chart 
		sound.c: Sound analyzing
		testcurl.c: Testing curl
		comm.c: Communication with users
		screen.h: Header of screen.c
		comm.h: Header of comm.c
		README: Instruction and Information
		makefile: To make file of the project
		sound.php: The php code for receiving the sound
		testcurl.txt: Display the frequency of the received sound
5. Copy right / Copyleft:
		Dang Mai Huong
		e1800943
6. Contact Information: 
		Dang Mai Huong
		e1800943@edu.vamk.fi
7. Credits and Acknowledgements:
		Made by: Dang Mai Huong - e1800943
		Knowledge from help of Mr.Gao Chao - Teacher of Application Development
		To make this project: Needed information and acknowlegdement of:
			RaspberryPi
			C programming
			PHP programming
			
